Add support for setting the apns-push-type header via device data (#309)
matrix-org/sygnal: README.md

- the `platform` parameter which determines whether the production or sandbox
  APNS environment is used.
  Valid values are 'production' or 'sandbox'. If not provided, 'production' is used.

> - the `push_type` parameter which determines what 'apns-push-type' header is sent to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the `push_type` parameter which determines what value for the `apns-push-type` header is sent to
```

>   APNS. If not provided, the header is not sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  APNs. If not provided, the header is not sent.
```

Annoyingly Apple has decided to be very irritating with the official casing of `APNs`.
